content creator plugin docs (#557)
tinacms/tinacms.org: content/docs/plugins/content-creators.md

next: /docs/plugins/screens
---

The ability to create content is one of the key responsibilities of any CMS. The `content-creator` plugin type is one way Tina lets you add this behaviour.

![content-creator-plugin-tinacms](/img/content-creator-ex.jpg)

## Interface

```ts
interface ContentCreatorPlugin<FormShape> {
  __type: 'content-creator'
  name: string
  fields: Field[]
  onSubmit(value: FormShape, cms: CMS): Promise<void> | void
}
```

| Option     | Description                                                                          |
| ---------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| `__type`   | The name of the plugin. Always `'content-creator'`.                                  |
| `name`     | The text to be displayed in the "Add Content" menu.                                  |

> | `fields`   | An array of fields that will define the shape of the form and how content is edited. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `fields`   | An array of fields that populate a modal form. Field values can populate new file data. |
```
